Add a page to troubleshoot IML returning a 502 (#27)
whamcloud/Support: docs/support/iml-responds-with-502.md

# IML Responds With 502

[Support Table of Contents](TOC.md)

> If IML respnods with a 502 it means that a service is not responding as expected. This could be caused by a number of issues. The items below list some troubleshooting tips when encountering this error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If IML responds with a 502 it means that a manager service is not responding as expected. This could be caused by a number of issues. The items below list some troubleshooting tips when encountering this error.
```

## Check the load on the node

> It's possible that the process load is too high or the memory is exhausted on the manager node. You can check this by sshing into and running `htop` on the manager node. Once loaded, check the process load and the memory pressure (in particular, the amount of virtual memory taking place).

Reviewer: I think top is more common to be on a user system than htop.

Author: I'll change it.
